Adding docs for backup, TLS and status fields docs (#28)
appuio/appcat-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/crds.adoc

[cols="25a,75a", options="header"]
|===
| Field | Description

> | *`schedule`* __string__ | Schedule how often should backup be made, format: https://regex101.com/r/5Yz8e9/1, example: '30 23 * * *' - each day at 23:30

Reviewer: Pointing to a regex does certainly not help to understand. Isn't this just normal cron syntax?

Author: they implement only numbers in their cron syntax, I'm afraid if we write it's `regular cron style` someone would try to use `30 4 * feb mon/fri` because, it's valid cron syntax.

This is why I decided to reference regex website, because the same regex is used to validate cronjob syntax in our component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *`schedule`* __string__ | Schedule how often should backup be made,example: '30 23 * * *' - each day at 23:30. Please note that this isn't a regular Cron syntax.
```

And somewhere add a more meaningful description in readable language what exactly is meant, a regex is not human-readable. Maybe the Stackgres docs has some help?

[cols="25a,75a", options="header"]
|===
| Field | Description

> | *`schedule`* __string__ | Schedule how often should backup be made,example: '30 23 * * *' - each day at 23:30. Please note that this isn't a regular Cron syntax.

Reviewer: Here you write "this isn't a regular Cron syntax" and further down "standard regex: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron". What's true now?
